(graphcache) - Add mergeMode to simplePagination helper (#1174)
FormidableLabs/urql: .changeset/little-crabs-sell.md

---
'@urql/exchange-graphcache': minor
---

> Add mergeMode = 'before' | 'after' to simplePagination helper to define whether pages are merged before or after when you paginate forwards and backwards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `mergeMode: 'before' | 'after'` option to the `simplePagination` helper to define whether pages are merged before or after preceding ones when pagination, similar to `relayPagination`'s option
```

Just suggesting some details here since we can use full markdown in our changelog 😇
